Endpoint:daraz.pk/api/register
Method: POST
Request Body
2part
//json
{
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "password": "testpassword"
}
3part
//Response
Success: 201 Created
Error: 400 Bad Request if the email already exists. 
Causes: 
1)Malformed request syntax
2)Invalid request message framing
3)Deceptive request routing
4)Request size is too large
5)Unsupported request method
6)Authentication issues
4part
User Login
what is api in web development
An API (Application Programming Interface) is a set of rules that allows software applications to communicate with each other. 
How APIs work
Requests and responses: 
APIs define how applications communicate with each other using requests and responses. 
API documentation: API documentation provides information on how to structure requests and responses. 
API endpoints: API endpoints are URLs used to send requests to an API. 
API keys: API keys are used to authenticate requests to an API
How APIs are used
Data sharing: APIs allow developers to share data and functionality between applications, organizations, and third parties. 
Integration: APIs allow developers to integrate data, services, and capabilities from other applications. 
Innovation: APIs help drive innovation and simplify procedures in web development
Steps:
Navigate to the login page.
Enter your credentials.
Click the "Login" button.
If credentials are correct, access is granted.
Signup Process

Definition: The signup process is for creating a new account on a platform.
Requirements:
Personal information (e.g., name, email)
Password
Steps:
Go to the signup page.
Fill out the registration form with required details.
Agree to terms and conditions (if applicable).
Click the "Sign Up" button.
Verify your email (if required) to complete the registration.
Common Features in Login/Signup Systems

Password Recovery: Options to reset forgotten passwords.
Social Login: Ability to log in using social media accounts (e.g., Google, Facebook).
Two-Factor Authentication: Additional security layer for logging in.
Customizable Fields: Options to add or modify fields during signup.
Plugins for Enhanced Login/Signup Experience

Easy Login for WooCommerce:
Provides customizable login and signup forms.
Supports social login and additional security features like reCAPTCHA.
Allows for custom registration fields and email verification.
part 6
mkdir user-auth-api
cd user-auth-api
npm init -y

npm install express bcryptjs jsonwebtoken mongoose
Create app.js
const express = require('express');
const mongoose = require('mongoose');
const bcrypt = require('bcryptjs');
const jwt = require('jsonwebtoken');

const app = express();
const PORT = 3000;

mongoose.connect('mongodb://localhost:27017/mydatabase')
  .then(() => console.log('Connected to MongoDB'))
  .catch(error => console.error('Error connecting to MongoDB:', error));

app.use(express.json());

